.	Directory
..	Directory
ptargrep5.30	Regular File
uux	Regular File
cpan	Regular File
loads.d	Regular File
htmltree5.30	Regular File
write	Regular File
lwp-mirror5.30	Regular File
indent	Regular File
bzip2recover	Regular File
hdiutil	Regular File
top	Regular File
javah	Regular File
tee	Regular File
tidy_changelog	Regular File
binhex5.18.pl	Regular File
xip	Regular File
yapp	Regular File
wsimport	Regular File
bzfgrep	Regular File
qlmanage	Symbolic Link
snmptranslate	Regular File
split	Regular File
chsh	Regular File
stty.pl	Regular File
xml2man	Regular File
pl2pm5.30	Regular File
man	Regular File
lpoptions	Regular File
tabs	Regular File
rview	Symbolic Link
lsvfs	Regular File
zgrep	Regular File
dbiprof	Regular File
zmore	Regular File
cpanp-run-perl	Regular File
pod2usage5.30	Regular File
gcov	Regular File
package-stash-conflicts5.30	Regular File
dbiprof5.30	Regular File
vim	Regular File
mandoc_soelim	Regular File
macerror5.18	Regular File
xjc	Regular File
lwp-request5.18	Regular File
bzmore	Regular File
dyld_info	Regular File
package-stash-conflicts	Regular File
cancel	Regular File
apply	Regular File
bzgrep	Regular File
umask	Regular File
g++	Regular File
libtool	Regular File
pre-grohtml	Regular File
colcrt	Regular File
findrule5.30	Regular File
ptar5.30	Regular File
unalias	Regular File
h2xs5.30	Regular File
mp2bug	Regular File
groff	Regular File
mkfifo	Regular File
toe	Regular File
hexdump	Regular File
spfd5.18	Regular File
crc325.18	Regular File
Rez	Regular File
cap_mkdb	Regular File
ictool	Regular File
cmp	Regular File
syscallbypid.d	Regular File
snmpset	Regular File
locate	Regular File
trustcachectl	Regular File
afconvert	Regular File
afclip	Regular File
tidy_changelog5.30	Regular File
bzegrep	Regular File
neqn	Regular File
instmodsh	Regular File
extcheck	Regular File
javapackager	Regular File
pl	Regular File
compress	Regular File
corelist5.18	Regular File
fddist	Regular File
db_upgrade	Regular File
diagnose-fu	Regular File
yamlpp-load-dump	Regular File
ctags	Regular File
iptab5.18	Regular File
zdiff	Regular File
yamlpp-parse-emit	Regular File
pathchk	Regular File
mesg	Regular File
setregion	Regular File
perlivp	Regular File
yamlpp-highlight5.30	Regular File
xpath5.30	Regular File
c++	Regular File
pod2readme	Regular File
pp	Regular File
vi	Symbolic Link
iofileb.d	Regular File
errinfo	Regular File
zipgrep	Regular File
pod2usage	Regular File
alias	Regular File
wait	Regular File
safaridriver	Symbolic Link
bzdiff	Regular File
unpack200	Regular File
corelist	Regular File
expand	Regular File
strings	Regular File
appletviewer	Regular File
idlj	Regular File
wall	Regular File
brctl	Regular File
gm4	Regular File
db_hotbackup	Regular File
auvaltool	Regular File
applesingle	Regular File
scandeps5.30.pl	Regular File
clang	Regular File
ibtool	Regular File
tty	Regular File
demandoc	Regular File
git-receive-pack	Regular File
infotocap	Symbolic Link
pkill	Regular File
pwhich5.18	Regular File
cups-config	Regular File
basename	Regular File
nclist	Symbolic Link
objdump	Regular File
install	Regular File
native2ascii	Regular File
c99	Regular File
desdp	Regular File
binhex	Regular File
lsmp	Regular File
xmllint	Regular File
texi2pdf	Regular File
yamlpp-highlight	Regular File
last	Regular File
vm_stat	Regular File
syslog	Regular File
spfquery5.18	Regular File
net-snmp-cert	Regular File
treereg5.30	Regular File
nslookup	Regular File
prove5.18	Regular File
vimdiff	Symbolic Link
topsyscall	Regular File
libnetcfg	Regular File
cpan5.30	Regular File
c++filt	Regular File
avbdiagnose	Regular File
nice	Regular File
perlivp5.18	Regular File
xcscontrol	Regular File
calendar	Regular File
locale	Regular File
strip	Regular File
symbolscache	Regular File
tfmtodit	Regular File
trace	Regular File
tops	Regular File
lprm	Regular File
tiffutil	Regular File
du	Regular File
diff3	Regular File
cupstestppd	Regular File
json_pp5.30	Regular File
sw_vers	Regular File
fs_usage	Regular File
host	Regular File
jarsigner	Regular File
app-sso	Regular File
grolbp	Regular File
nscurl	Regular File
logger	Regular File
caffeinate	Regular File
pod2html5.30	Regular File
say	Regular File
net-snmp-create-v3-user	Regular File
lwp-download5.18	Regular File
plutil	Regular File
python3	Regular File
avbutil	Regular File
xcode-select	Regular File
libnetcfg5.30	Regular File
powermetrics	Regular File
moose-outdated	Regular File
c2ph	Regular File
net-server	Regular File
cvmkdir	Symbolic Link
ldapmodify	Regular File
iofile.d	Regular File
join	Regular File
SafeEjectGPU	Regular File
snmpdelta	Regular File
ssh-keyscan	Regular File
renice	Regular File
xxd	Regular File
clangd	Regular File
scandeps.pl	Regular File
nettop	Regular File
ppdmerge	Regular File
snmpconf	Regular File
xsltproc	Regular File
osascript	Regular File
troff	Regular File
iotop	Regular File
mmroff	Regular File
lex	Regular File
encguess	Regular File
ctf_insert	Regular File
csplit	Regular File
splain5.30	Regular File
iconv	Regular File
captoinfo	Symbolic Link
snmpinform	Symbolic Link
lsbom	Regular File
pbcopy	Regular File
sort	Regular File
xpath	Regular File
snmpdf	Regular File
whoami	Regular File
sc_usage	Regular File
jot	Regular File
ocspcheck	Regular File
mkbom	Regular File
groffer	Regular File
ldapurl	Regular File
json_xs	Regular File
pkgbuild	Regular File
yamlpp-events	Regular File
cpuwalk.d	Regular File
cvmkfile	Symbolic Link
update_dyld_shared_cache	Regular File
ldapmodrdn	Regular File
systemextensionsctl	Regular File
file	Regular File
db_printlog	Regular File
sourcekit-lsp	Regular File
debinhex5.30.pl	Regular File
hash	Regular File
bc	Regular File
fontrestore	Symbolic Link
mg	Regular File
sfltool	Regular File
less	Regular File
pod2latex	Regular File
bunzip2	Regular File
touch	Regular File
rmic	Regular File
dispqlen.d	Regular File
db_archive	Regular File
refer	Regular File
getopt	Regular File
instmodsh5.30	Regular File
krb5-config	Regular File
security	Regular File
hiutil	Regular File
ip2cc5.30	Regular File
pip3	Regular File
enc2xs5.18	Regular File
lastwords	Regular File
rmid	Regular File
podchecker5.18	Regular File
sed	Regular File
ld	Regular File
dbilogstrip5.30	Regular File
awk	Regular File
ip2cc	Regular File
syscallbyproc.d	Regular File
umtool	Regular File
snmpstatus	Regular File
uudecode	Regular File
psm	Regular File
fmt	Regular File
perlthanks5.18	Regular File
zless	Regular File
xslt-config	Regular File
sdef	Regular File
pod2man5.18	Regular File
ncctl	Regular File
jmc	Regular File
pod2text	Regular File
bashbug	Regular File
mail	Regular File
yamlpp-parse-emit5.30	Regular File
chpass	Regular File
sips	Regular File
xcrun	Regular File
bzcmp	Symbolic Link
lldb	Regular File
chfn	Regular File
ipcount	Regular File
newaliases	Symbolic Link
nano	Symbolic Link
eyapp5.18	Regular File
pfbtops	Regular File
lam	Regular File
pod2readme5.30	Regular File
ipptool	Regular File
irb	Regular File
ptardiff	Regular File
bzless	Symbolic Link
sysdiagnose	Regular File
logname	Regular File
tset	Regular File
chgrp	Regular File
cu	Regular File
grops	Regular File
printenv	Regular File
yamlpp-load-dump5.30	Regular File
unvis	Regular File
grotty	Regular File
shasum5.30	Regular File
atq	Regular File
seq	Regular File
fc	Regular File
AssetCacheManagerUtil	Regular File
colldef	Regular File
net-server5.30	Regular File
jdb	Regular File
perl5.30	Regular File
wish	Symbolic Link
uname	Regular File
hpmdiagnose	Regular File
timer_analyser.d	Regular File
jstack	Regular File
parl	Regular File
unzip	Regular File
stty5.18.pl	Regular File
db_stat	Regular File
rmiregistry	Regular File
json_pp	Regular File
test-yaml	Regular File
ptardiff5.30	Regular File
zprint	Regular File
kinit	Regular File
mib2c	Regular File
od	Regular File
bsdtar	Regular File
perl	Regular File
findrule	Regular File
tbtdiagnose	Regular File
mcxquery	Regular File
lwp-download	Regular File
ppdpo	Regular File
crontab	Regular File
reset	Symbolic Link
kextutil	Regular File
par5.30.pl	Regular File
bzcat	Regular File
dbicadmin	Regular File
ex	Symbolic Link
perlbug	Regular File
zipdetails5.18	Regular File
jvisualvm	Regular File
footprint	Regular File
lsappinfo	Regular File
eqn	Regular File
db_load	Regular File
fwkdp	Regular File
piconv	Regular File
read	Regular File
ipcount5.18	Regular File
perlbug5.18	Regular File
snmpusm	Regular File
piconv5.18	Regular File
execsnoop	Regular File
pagesize	Regular File
lp	Regular File
base64	Regular File
ptargrep	Regular File
jar	Regular File
h2ph	Regular File
readlink	Regular File
opensnoop	Regular File
rake	Regular File
rvim	Symbolic Link
jcmd	Regular File
dmc	Regular File
vimtutor	Regular File
perldoc5.30	Regular File
xgettext5.30.pl	Regular File
from	Regular File
prove	Regular File
newproc.d	Regular File
gencat	Regular File
mdutil	Regular File
znew	Regular File
podchecker	Regular File
mcxrefresh	Regular File
colrm	Regular File
dbilogstrip	Regular File
pagestuff	Regular File
crlrefresh	Regular File
headerdoc2html	Regular File
lwp-dump5.18	Regular File
tbl	Regular File
jrunscript	Regular File
find2perl	Regular File
filtercalltree	Regular File
afhash	Regular File
sandbox-exec	Regular File
snmpvacm	Regular File
stapler	Regular File
codecctl	Regular File
fwkpfv	Regular File
sftp	Regular File
wc	Regular File
jps	Regular File
rsync	Regular File
osacompile	Regular File
yamlpp-load5.30	Regular File
hdxml2manxml	Regular File
gzcat	Regular File
dbiproxy5.18	Regular File
delv	Regular File
thermal	Regular File
pico	Regular File
podselect5.18	Regular File
IOMFB_FDR_Loader	Regular File
shasum	Regular File
comm	Regular File
resolveLinks	Regular File
xcdebug	Regular File
dbicadmin5.30	Regular File
lpq	Regular File
java	Regular File
bundle	Regular File
gzip	Regular File
yamlpp-events5.30	Regular File
zipcloak	Regular File
git-upload-archive	Regular File
xml2-config	Regular File
encode_keychange	Regular File
traptoemail	Regular File
gcc	Regular File
smbutil	Regular File
diff	Regular File
ri	Regular File
agvtool	Regular File
cksum	Regular File
indxbib	Regular File
segedit	Regular File
zipnote	Regular File
ptar	Regular File
printf	Regular File
soelim	Regular File
AssetCacheTetheratorUtil	Regular File
column	Regular File
ldapexop	Regular File
ippfind	Regular File
syscallbysysc.d	Regular File
groups	Regular File
dwarfdump	Regular File
ppdc	Regular File
rs	Regular File
spfd	Regular File
config_data	Regular File
slogin	Symbolic Link
latency	Regular File
lsm	Regular File
h2ph5.30	Regular File
xar	Regular File
db_codegen	Regular File
dns-sd	Regular File
tab2space	Regular File
avconvert	Regular File
xsubpp5.30	Regular File
jhsdb	Regular File
unzipsfx	Regular File
treereg	Regular File
parl5.30	Regular File
csreq	Regular File
whatis	Regular File
gperf	Regular File
iconutil	Regular File
zipsplit	Regular File
lwp-dump	Regular File
pathopens.d	Regular File
tail	Regular File
whois	Regular File
nsupdate	Regular File
crc32	Regular File
ldapdelete	Regular File
grep	Regular File
moose-outdated5.30	Regular File
pstopdf	Regular File
rwbytype.d	Regular File
script	Regular File
pod2text5.30	Regular File
vtool	Regular File
more	Regular File
ldapwhoami	Regular File
pl2pm	Regular File
h2ph5.18	Regular File
ncinit	Symbolic Link
tkmib	Regular File
cal	Regular File
afplay	Regular File
addftinfo	Regular File
time	Regular File
ssh-agent	Regular File
afktool	Regular File
gcore	Regular File
pwhich	Regular File
javap	Regular File
xed	Regular File
uuname	Regular File
javaws	Regular File
texindex	Regular File
env	Regular File
pr	Regular File
head	Regular File
xsubpp5.18	Regular File
dsymutil	Regular File
clear	Regular File
manpath	Symbolic Link
apropos	Regular File
units	Regular File
info	Regular File
curl-config	Regular File
kgetcred	Regular File
rev	Regular File
SplitForks	Regular File
uniq	Regular File
tclsh	Symbolic Link
binhex5.30.pl	Regular File
productsign	Regular File
mklocale	Regular File
pod2text5.18	Regular File
defaults	Regular File
tic	Regular File
zip	Regular File
uulog	Regular File
atrm	Regular File
curl	Regular File
wdutil	Regular File
agentxtrap	Regular File
db_verify	Regular File
servertool	Regular File
newgrp	Regular File
timerfires	Regular File
rpcgen	Regular File
swcutil	Symbolic Link
perlthanks	Regular File
post-grohtml	Regular File
moose-outdated5.18	Regular File
parldyn5.30	Regular File
snmpnetstat	Regular File
lastcomm	Regular File
getconf	Regular File
kpasswd	Regular File
vis	Regular File
dbiproxy	Regular File
hpftodit	Regular File
ipcrm	Regular File
pic	Regular File
bputil	Regular File
net-snmp-config	Regular File
cpanp	Regular File
otool	Regular File
format-sql	Regular File
lwp-dump5.30	Regular File
killall	Regular File
patch	Regular File
gdiffmk	Regular File
tailspin	Regular File
su	Regular File
ul	Regular File
compression_tool	Regular File
dbiproxy5.30	Regular File
tkcon	Symbolic Link
ssh	Regular File
podselect5.30	Regular File
kdestroy	Regular File
yapp5.30	Regular File
snmpgetnext	Regular File
type	Regular File
scandeps5.18.pl	Regular File
cpan2dist	Regular File
msgs	Regular File
xsubpp	Regular File
jhat	Regular File
tidy	Regular File
tftp	Regular File
assetutil	Regular File
AssetCacheLocatorUtil	Regular File
orbd	Regular File
usbcfwflasher	Regular File
networkQuality	Regular File
dbicadmin5.18	Regular File
ktrace	Regular File
DeRez	Regular File
textutil	Regular File
xgettext.pl	Regular File
automator	Regular File
wsgen	Regular File
stat	Regular File
perldoc	Regular File
javac	Regular File
xcsdiagnose	Regular File
mdfind	Regular File
grodvi	Regular File
mdls	Regular File
codesign_allocate	Regular File
lookbib	Regular File
mddiagnose	Regular File
snmpbulkwalk	Regular File
keytool	Regular File
fileproviderctl	Regular File
binhex.pl	Regular File
dtruss	Regular File
dserr	Regular File
tiff2icns	Regular File
mandoc	Regular File
pbpaste	Regular File
policytool	Regular File
actool	Regular File
heap	Regular File
sum	Regular File
lskq	Regular File
macbinary	Regular File
ncdestroy	Symbolic Link
nc	Regular File
snmptrap	Regular File
tsort	Regular File
uuencode	Regular File
cpp	Regular File
swift	Regular File
batch	Regular File
sqlite3	Regular File
make	Regular File
dig	Regular File
ptardiff5.18	Regular File
zipdetails5.30	Regular File
macerror	Regular File
infocmp	Regular File
apt	Regular File
trimforce	Regular File
nm	Regular File
flex++	Regular File
osadecompile	Regular File
IOAccelMemory	Regular File
config_data5.30	Regular File
automationmodetool	Regular File
ssh-add	Regular File
machine	Regular File
wish8.5	Regular File
screen	Regular File
snmpget	Regular File
piconv5.30	Regular File
pcsctest	Regular File
codesign	Regular File
atos	Regular File
llvm-gcc	Regular File
mailq	Symbolic Link
arch	Regular File
ssh-keygen	Regular File
snmptable	Regular File
kill.d	Regular File
ditto	Regular File
getopts	Regular File
users	Regular File
snmpbulkget	Regular File
ipcount5.30	Regular File
sdp	Regular File
perlbug5.30	Regular File
showmount	Regular File
taskinfo	Regular File
ar	Regular File
perldoc5.18	Regular File
who	Regular File
mktemp	Regular File
unifdef	Regular File
yaa	Symbolic Link
cut	Regular File
imptrace	Regular File
pack200	Regular File
ippeveprinter	Regular File
hdid	Regular File
dc	Regular File
biff	Regular File
mailx	Regular File
odutil	Regular File
jsadebugd	Regular File
shortcuts	Regular File
xargs	Regular File
tkpp	Regular File
texi2dvi	Regular File
debinhex5.18.pl	Regular File
priclass.d	Regular File
topsysproc	Regular File
nl	Regular File
podchecker5.30	Regular File
dbilogstrip5.18	Regular File
view	Symbolic Link
jjs	Regular File
spfquery	Regular File
sample	Regular File
bg	Regular File
lipo	Regular File
seeksize.d	Regular File
eyapp	Regular File
clang++	Regular File
setuids.d	Regular File
aa	Regular File
shlock	Regular File
symbols	Regular File
perlthanks5.30	Regular File
xctrace	Regular File
pod2man5.30	Regular File
afmtodit	Regular File
gzexe	Regular File
json_xs5.30	Regular File
genstrings	Regular File
at	Regular File
what	Regular File
sdx	Symbolic Link
m4	Regular File
asa	Regular File
iptab	Regular File
format-sql5.18	Regular File
swiftc	Regular File
nfsstat	Regular File
eyapp5.30	Regular File
uupick	Regular File
ipcs	Regular File
pod2readme5.18	Regular File
pluginkit	Regular File
as	Regular File
net-server5.18	Regular File
fold	Regular File
gnumake	Regular File
perl5.18	Regular File
log	Regular File
tmutil	Regular File
checknr	Regular File
certtool	Regular File
vmmap	Regular File
shasum5.18	Regular File
h2xs	Regular File
csrutil	Regular File
shar	Regular File
ldappasswd	Regular File
lkbib	Regular File
ResMerger	Regular File
bitesize.d	Regular File
db_checkpoint	Regular File
funzip	Regular File
power_report.sh	Regular File
iosnoop	Regular File
atsutil	Regular File
osalang	Regular File
dirname	Regular File
pod2man	Regular File
enc2xs	Regular File
moo-outdated	Regular File
iopending	Regular File
infokey	Regular File
ncal	Regular File
chflags	Regular File
derq	Regular File
fg	Regular File
rwbypid.d	Regular File
jmap	Regular File
dscl	Regular File
leaks	Regular File
splain5.18	Regular File
nbdst	Regular File
mnthome	Regular File
jshell	Regular File
dsexport	Regular File
mdimport	Regular File
parldyn	Regular File
id	Regular File
procsystime	Regular File
cd	Regular File
quota	Regular File
uuto	Regular File
fuser	Regular File
dsimport	Regular File
git-shell	Regular File
ldapsearch	Regular File
command	Regular File
snmp-bridge-mib	Regular File
egrep	Regular File
notifyutil	Regular File
cc	Regular File
dsmemberutil	Regular File
podselect	Regular File
grn	Regular File
psed	Regular File
whereis	Regular File
tccutil	Regular File
a2p	Regular File
find	Regular File
jstat	Regular File
zcat	Regular File
ip2cc5.18	Regular File
unifdefall	Regular File
jlink	Regular File
enc2xs5.30	Regular File
nroff	Regular File
pridist.d	Regular File
size	Regular File
timesyncanalyse	Regular File
uttype	Regular File
uustat	Regular File
snmpwalk	Regular File
llvm-g++	Regular File
scp	Regular File
instmodsh5.18	Regular File
tnameserv	Regular File
true	Regular File
afinfo	Regular File
hidutil	Regular File
ldapadd	Symbolic Link
pwpolicy	Regular File
profiles	Regular File
yacc	Regular File
kswitch	Symbolic Link
xcodebuild	Regular File
tkpp5.30	Regular File
test-yaml5.30	Regular File
jobs	Regular File
c89	Regular File
sudo	Regular File
update_mcdp29xx	Regular File
bioutil	Regular File
tmdiagnose	Regular File
plockstat	Regular File
xgettext5.18.pl	Regular File
serialver	Regular File
afida	Regular File
pgrep	Regular File
yes	Regular File
lessecho	Regular File
sdiff	Regular File
afscexpand	Regular File
treereg5.18	Regular File
spfquery5.30	Regular File
cpan5.18	Regular File
db_deadlock	Regular File
ldapcompare	Regular File
unexpand	Regular File
prove5.30	Regular File
perlivp5.30	Regular File
git-upload-pack	Regular File
ssh-copy-id	Regular File
grolj4	Regular File
fixproc	Regular File
debinhex.pl	Regular File
lorder	Regular File
pod2html5.18	Regular File
ranlib	Regular File
javadoc	Regular File
tput	Regular File
fgrep	Regular File
par.pl	Regular File
json_pp5.18	Regular File
sigdist.d	Regular File
ppdhtml	Regular File
libnetcfg5.18	Regular File
auval	Symbolic Link
erb	Regular File
dappprof	Regular File
openssl	Regular File
yamlpp-load	Regular File
drutil	Regular File
jinfo	Regular File
lwp-download5.30	Regular File
splain	Regular File
pmset	Regular File
xmlcatalog	Regular File
zcmp	Regular File
rwsnoop	Regular File
jstatd	Regular File
lpr	Regular File
layerutil	Regular File
snmptest	Regular File
mib2c-update	Regular File
grog	Regular File
creatbyproc.d	Regular File
pstruct	Regular File
fdesetup	Regular File
flex	Regular File
hostinfo	Regular File
jcontrol	Regular File
lpstat	Regular File
SetFile	Regular File
pod2html	Regular File
tar	Symbolic Link
rdoc	Regular File
uptime	Regular File
s2p	Regular File
pidpersec.d	Regular File
xpath5.18	Regular File
schemagen	Regular File
avmediainfo	Regular File
corelist5.30	Regular File
iptab5.30	Regular File
cvcp	Symbolic Link
false	Regular File
zegrep	Regular File
memory_pressure	Regular File
pp5.30	Regular File
uncompress	Regular File
lwp-request	Regular File
ncurses5.4-config	Regular File
sampleproc	Regular File
db_recover	Regular File
nmedit	Regular File
filebyproc.d	Regular File
bison	Regular File
tclsh8.5	Symbolic Link
jdeps	Regular File
productbuild	Regular File
zipinfo	Regular File
diffstat	Regular File
login	Regular File
db_dump	Regular File
cpuctl	Regular File
cpu_profiler.d	Regular File
which	Regular File
bundler	Regular File
iopattern	Regular File
finger	Regular File
mig	Regular File
sntp	Regular File
klist	Symbolic Link
open	Regular File
GetFileInfo	Regular File
kmutil	Regular File
localedef	Regular File
ruby	Regular File
stringdups	Regular File
htmltree	Regular File
ptargrep5.18	Regular File
git	Regular File
tr	Regular File
lwp-mirror5.18	Regular File
htmltree5.18	Regular File
banner	Regular File
leave	Regular File
jconsole	Regular File
paste	Regular File
moo-outdated5.18	Regular File
bzip2	Regular File
pod2usage5.18	Regular File
uucp	Regular File
passwd	Regular File
dbiprof5.18	Regular File
package-stash-conflicts5.18	Regular File
macerror5.30	Regular File
uuidgen	Regular File
pl2pm5.18	Regular File
install_name_tool	Regular File
cmpdylib	Regular File
makeinfo	Regular File
zfgrep	Regular File
aea	Regular File
snfsdefrag	Symbolic Link
zipdetails	Regular File
look	Regular File
findrule5.18	Regular File
col	Regular File
dscacheutil	Regular File
syscapturediags	Regular File
ptar5.18	Regular File
lwp-request5.30	Regular File
zforce	Regular File
lwp-mirror	Regular File
malloc_history	Regular File
cpio	Regular File
nohup	Regular File
kcc	Regular File
ulimit	Regular File
rails	Regular File
bspatch	Regular File
hotspot.d	Regular File
cvaffinity	Symbolic Link
gatherheaderdoc	Regular File
ppdi	Regular File
pcap-config	Regular File
jpackage	Regular File
avmetareadwrite	Regular File
gen_bridge_metadata	Regular File
gem	Regular File
spfd5.30	Regular File
opendiff	Regular File
crc325.30	Regular File
h2xs5.18	Regular File
talk	Regular File
expect	Regular File
jimage	Regular File
lockstat	Regular File
dapptrace	Regular File
install-info	Regular File
xattr	Regular File
w	Regular File
gunzip	Regular File
